invoke = run,execute
method is a function part of a object.
use case , extend, implement
all the code to support the owner-details component
implement business logic
Parameters are sometimes called arguments, properties, or even attributes.

    A parameter is the variable listed inside the parentheses in the function declaration (it’s a declaration time term)
    An argument is the value that is passed to the function when it is called (it’s a call time term).

typecast Syntax (type)variable

Hoisting is a JavaScript mechanism where variables and function declarations 
are moved to the top of their scope before code execution.

URI REQUEST TI application
? : Parameters to the method

    & : The parameter separator

Objects 
    {key called property :value}
     var.property dot notation

String interpolation
 "a string, and a {variable}"

 members of a class : methods,properties,etc

 LIFO stack
EXCEPTIONS
 As a rule, only catch those exceptions that you can handle without leaving 
 your application in an unknown state.

In HTML, accessibility is important

 Diagramas de capas de arquitectura
 SDLC`
 AGILE
 SUBQUERY`

 less error prone, easier to test, and easier to maintain.+

 Law of demeter

 Removing data access from components means you can change your mind about the
  implementation anytime, without touching any components. They don't know how the service works.

 service-in-service scenario in which you inject the MessageService into the 
 HeroService which is injected into the HeroesComponent

 Substitution parameters in SQL

 RIGID CODE code with dependencies
 
 proof of concept (PoC) implementation

 Code-first: FIrst you create the data-access layer like model and next you program controllers and views

== DNS

If a client has no cached DNS records, it will take the .com of a domain name and query a root name server (Top-Level Domain or TLD), which will return a list of authority name servers. 
Next, the client will query one of those servers and ask for the next part of the domain name, in response the DNS server will return another list, and finally the client will query those servers for the `A-record` corresponding to the domain name, this will respond with an ip address.